Hello.
You're alive.
Hi.
Had a couple of meetings this morning
and a few things to get done.
Uh, most notably,
let me pull this up for you.
Show what I've been working on.
Stronger hyperparameters with protein.
Now, I am predicting that this post is
not going to do as well as the other
ones. uh because it is the usual case
with X and social media in general that
the highest quality, highest effort
content gets the least amount of
attention. Uh but if you actually care
about reinforcement learning and you
actually want to know the nuts and bolts
of how we made a lot of the stuff in 3.0
work all in here.
I actually went to the effort of making
the uh math render on X. So
consider this the full publication
release of protein.
Now this is not what we're going to talk
about today. Uh though I will certainly
answer any questions on it for the
duration of the stream.
The main thing that we have to do today
is some robotics work for once.
So, there's this thing called Manny
Skill.
Okay, this is Manny Skill. Pretty cool
robotic sim.
Ah, friend of mine, Stone Tow, is
involved with this. And uh we're going
to see if we can get some things working
on Huffer Live with this.
Also, I think it's worth mentioning that
we do have some cool experiments running
in the background. They're going to take
the rest of the day, probably tomorrow
to finish, but uh yeah, so I ran this
hyper pram sweep on meta overnight,
get up to five heartsish,
hugely, hugely better than anything that
we've had before. But I made the runs
too short,
uh which is really not great. So, I
relaunched this with settings that
should hopefully lead to some longer
runs. And if this thing has not crashed,
apparently this thing has crashed.
We need to get 200 experiments this. Let
me actually relaunch this real quick to
make sure that this is not going to
crash and then we will do uh we will
proceed with the integrations work.
actually go here and then where?
Right here. Right.
List index out of range.
I see
that is irritating.
Opened a tiny PR on the website repo.
urge for you. Hey, Sam.
Hey, a quick question for absolutely no
reason whatsoever. Uh, do you guys know
how to solder?
Huh?
That's cool.
Oh,
cool.
That's actually a very nice uh That's
very nice. Good job. I didn't think of
that.
That will auto deploy.
All right. You do notice a little speech
bubble pops up in the corner somewhere
here. Uh Joseph will remember this.
We are doing something today that will
vaguely benefit drone stuff because it's
going to add more continuous ends to
test within Puffer Lib. I do have to fix
this real quick though.
seems weird to me.
Oh, I know why that is actually. Yeah,
that's totally fine.
Um,
Was that a CUDA? Yep, that was a CUDA
error.
Lovely.
We'll launch this and then we'll get to
robotics. Welcome folks.
And I said this right when I booted up
the stream, but it it bears repeating.
The uh protein hyperparam sweep article
is now on X and it has full details on
that algorithm and all of the math
behind it. If you're interested in
something more technical really shows
you one of the main advancements of Treo
that is there.
Okay. So, we will put this somewhere. We
will start on robotics things.
Let me recall briefly where we left off
on this.
I believe I was working on flattening
out infos,
which should work already.
dot items. Really
believe it's just info
could not infer output DT type.
Ouch. Not me.
Okay. So hopefully now
they'll know.
Come on.
We'll see if this works for Manny.
It does.
So now I guess we go find their
benchmarks
and uh we see what they use to get
success on this task.
They have benchmarks
online RL bench lines
code results.
Okay, they have a w to bee report
pick cube
window
x aai.
So pick cube window
here they have pick cube.
What we can do is we can visualize none
and we can turn these on.
And this thing uh if it's configured
correctly is supposed to work very
quickly.
Excess.
Okay. Okay. So they have different
metrics though.
They have success once
and then they have return.
So we have to figure out how to get
these metrics out of the uh the end I
suppose.
only 40 mil steps. It's like fairly
short to train.
I believe this is like an arm picking up
a cube or something. We'll render it
quite soon.
Okay, so this gives us a lap steps
success
grasp. So this does not have any of
those metrics.
So possibly this is in like some wrapper
or something.
success once
train return
actually goes down.
That doesn't make any sense.
They're doing something non-standard, I
believe, here.
Don't say they have a rapper here for
this, right?
Ah, here they have it. Right.
Final info
episode.
Record metrics equal true.
Let's see what this does.
Okay.
So now we have success once
and we have return going up.
However, their return it goes up and
then it goes back down,
which doesn't make any sense to me.
Maybe I can just like
Maybe like just ask him
a DM thread with him somewhere.
We also should just go look at how they
have this thing set up, right?
Okay.
Then they have P cube.
They have a tiny tiny batch size.
Uh,
wait.
How' that make sense?
4096 ends,
16k batch size. You're getting four
steps of data for update, my guy.
some iterations. Uh, that's going to be
tracked.
Even I know this. Yeah, Stone's about
one of the most competent people I know
in robotics, though. So, uh,
curb your enthusiasm a bit, my guy.
batches.
Yeah. So, that's tight. Like, they're
basically just super oversampling it
to make up for the end of being slow.
This is 50 million time steps. And how
long does this thing take?
They get 30k SPS with this somehow.
They probably get 30k SPS because um
which is Is that what we have? Well,
they have we have more M's than they do.
I mean, no, they have more M than we do.
So, that's going to help them.
So, we're going to have to like crank
this a little bit.
I'm just waiting to see if default to
get um any solves. It doesn't look like
it.
Buffer is pretty magic though.
Buffer pretty good.
Let's do a quick timing run.
Okay. So, we'll see how fast this thing
is.
N type object not callable.
That's just closed. Cool. So 36k FPS is
what we get.
Uh 8192 is the highest we should go with
this.
66k.
Little better, right?
See if we can guess like some basics.
Oh, actually there was one other thing I
wanted to do.
I want to just make sure the logging is
not um
screwing us.
the 66k with all the logging on,
same speed.
So, the logging doesn't hurt us at all.
There's no reason to not log.
like okay
it's like freaking 20 times lower than
we would like to have but
we'll work on something. Hold on. Hold
your horses.
I'm going to do a batch size. It's a
little weird. I think
uh we'll do I think 32.
Let's just try this first.
Do Hang on.
Oh, cuz this is going to be massive. So,
we got to do 8192
do two.
Okay.
Eight
match size.
Infiner off to the climbing gym. Enjoy.
Yeah, I'll be here until 6 Eastern or a
little before 6 Eastern.
Yeah, I know. I never got into climbing.
I got into powerlifting instead.
Being good at powerlifting kind of means
you suck at climbing though. Plus 45 lbs
body weight.
Okay, we're training at 54,000 steps per
second now.
apply
early reset. Upon success,
stop taking steps. So, return goes down.
PPO will not do early resets during
evalu
Does it end?
Five physics steps for every given
action. RL
some away with less.
Take larger action.
Easy. FPS.
What is this bad action?
is gray.
word.
And I can just test like their
parameters. I guess
like their rough parameters.
They do 4096 m
a batch size of like
okay and a mini batch size of
32. It's like literally 512.
But they also said update to like eight
or whatever.
tricky with the end being this slow.
Okay. 16k.
We don't even know the binding is
correct to be fair.
It could just be the binding is totally
wrong.
We should check that before we do
anything fancy.
What else they did?
Oh, lambda is really Yeah.
Gamma 08. No. 09 and 08, right?
Oh, that's weird.
Or wait, eight.
Okay.
I mean this basically means this is a
trivial problem Oh,
I'm trying to think if we can just take
all their hypers.
We can take all their hypers to start.
They look like defaults to me.
I don't really have anything.
Don't really have anything else
this matters.
What are we training on this? Oh, we're
training a dumb policy. My bad.
It's per batch.
Why does this not have
to guess?
Okay,
now we have something.
graphs can we use from them?
Success one should basically like in do
a thing if you're uh training something
that's one.
Okay.
I mean,
we're probably just not set up to do
this, right?
I do this.
What's the end? Uh, let me see if I can
find you. The end.
Hey, this is the task.
This is the task.
You're not supposed to have that many
M's.
More than that, you need to allocate me.
It's like grasping it as the It's It
looks like it's grasping it, but it's
not getting the success.
I Yeah, I don't know any of it, B. It's
I I've not worked with any of this stuff
before. I don't know.
Yeah, I should have just linked him.
Curse. My bad. Right back.
Yeah.
What do we think about
this thing here?
[Music]
Episode return goes up.
Episode reward goes up.
Just train it in three minutes.
Well, we can't at the moment. It's not
doing anything.
We will get there, though.
That is the power of Puffer.
To be fair, their baselines are like
their baselines are considered very,
very good for robotics.
Like, their baselines actually train
30k.
I mean, there's nothing Puffer can
really optimize when you're 96%
and bottlenecked, right?
We could make the policies freaking
massive. To be fair, I could literally
train a 1024 LSTM
um on this and it would not even I don't
even think it would bottleneck
Pokemon fast. No, Pokemon's still too
slow. We need dramatically faster.
Dramatically faster fish.
It's kind of sad how this is not doing
all that well when this is literally the
highest effort article.
Like this is literally the highest
effort article that has all the actual
research secrets in it.
Hey, look at that. Ryan at UBC.
How do your follower counts line up?
I I mean it's if you look at the
follower, it's like
previous article did 20x that. So
like the PO one did well.
So reward go up, reward go back down.
episode return. Go
weird.
It says it's grasped.
Oh, hang on.
It is a tiny tiny number.
It exists.
Post a thing referring. No, you don't
need to do that. The article is the
article like shows up your feed.
Or it should.
Didn't see it.
That's the X algorithm.
It is very slowly doing a thing.
You see this? It's very slowly doing a
thing.
like this super low probability thing
here.
I wonder if this is the actual success
Partial success.
Apparently you have to mask some
shenanigans.
See
The hell is this policy, man?
We have to do this thing.
We fix
a shell fix.
I don't see where he uses this mask.
See how this goes.
Okay.
This any
wrong with episode.
for this.
I'm confident we have a good enough
implementation that once we get the
quirks out, we should be able to do be
able to do numbers on this. Their
baseline is literally just clean RL.
It's well I think it's Ken RL plus like
the learl tricks which make it a little
bit faster but nowhere near puffer.
You should kind of just win as soon as
we have it set up.
How was launch have been at conference?
Oh yeah, we got lots of cool stuff, man.
It's Have you seen the trailer?
Where's the trailer?
right here. Trailer's here. It's pinned
as well.
button.
This is not Yeah, this is not it. Right.
Okay. So, this was
40 mil gets one. Whatever.
Oh, okay. There we go.
Yeah, we'll be okay, guys.
Yeah, we'll be okay. I think we were
just logging dumb
grasp
turn. Yeah, that's way better.
It's only 8 mil in.
It's super suboptimal params. We let it
run, see how it does.
Uh, and then as soon as we have some
like a reasonable feel for this, we'll
just start launching sweeps because this
is really one of those things that you
have to automate
cuz like these Ms are just way too slow.
Nope.
Thank you.
Hey Tyler, I've been studying uh I
started watching a quantum physics
course from MIT Open Courseware. Physics
is cool. I need to study more physics.
I kind of want to start doing like
particle sims and [__] It sounds fun.
These two curves are reasonable, right?
This curve is reasonable.
It could just be one of those M's where
it just takes off all of a sudden.
Yeah, return looks good. Reward looks
good, right? And then it's like,
oh no, episode length is max.
the final return. Hang on, I got to look
at their stats as well.
So they have reward I guess
he gets for reward.
Oh yeah, see their reward is higher.
They go to like 08. Hey,
What do you mean what percent? This is
supposed to be 0.8. Eight.
Okay. So, what do we do about this?
Right.
The fact that the episode length goes
down is weird, right?
So, is this supposed to render
thing render.
Might have failed.
find his box for this thing.
Okay, that gives us a
that gives us an image.
That's fine. What's wrong with this?
That's QT.
Let me fix this.
I'd like to be able to render this
thing.
not plot lab.
Got to be kidding me.
Um,
annoying.
I really don't feel like dealing with
this right now. That's silly.
Very silly.
This does.
Okay. Okay. So, we get far fewer um
far fewer metrics.
Kind of all we need.
Yeah, there we go.
This is all we really need.
It makes sense to now go back and try
our defaults again.
And I think
should be able to solve this. I think 3
minutes
What are they doing outside
and buildings vibrating?
Make this more stable.
Okay. See if this gives us nice clean
graphs.
Beep it.
much nicer wraps.
Um, so this is interesting. This says
33%
excess
presumably a reasonable sample size
and then it's back down. Okay. So, I
mean possibly the learning is just not
stable or something. Who knows, right?
I think either way though, we're not
going to be able to use down sampling.
Okay, let's go grab uh what do we say
like upper one or something?
Upper zero.
care about any of this
[Music]
Why the hell is this port allocated?
I have a version of this, I guess.
We don't want this version.
So now it'll pull the image down.
Get out of this.
Kind of does something and then it
crashes a bit.
Do this again to see how stable it is
with 16.
tiny.
What I thought could be a thousand lines
including the solver.
I got to love big tech. Why write 500
lines when you can write 50,000 lines?
Software engineering had an equivalent
of malpractice. What it would be
ridiculous.
Almost done.
If we can get a sweep running for
Oh
This
We do manise skill.
dash dash pre on everything. Okay.
Oh yeah. What was this EGL vendor
[__] thing?
the heck.
Where's my freaking
my config?
I didn't do that before.
So, this runs.
We have to do a little bit of tweaking.
Not very much, just a little bit. So,
numbum M's can't be swept,
but update epochs needed.
We also need to do um
do is
Oh, I didn't mean to commit that.
Wait, I'm on the wrong machine again,
man.
How do I keep doing that?
options.
All right.
Okay, it runs
and much faster somehow, which I will
not complain about.
I have to not randomize this. I do need
to randomize
I mean,
Let's try this.
Hey Brad, welcome. We are uh trying to
get some robotic stuff working with
Puffer.
Just about to set up a sweep.
There we are. That's pretty good. 86k.
90k. Yeah. This for a client. Nope. Just
for um I know Stone who works on Annie
and I figured it would be cool to just
like see if we could get a quick binding
together.
This is like a way way easier and
quicker thing than doing something with
like Isaac or whatever where there's
just tons of code to do anything. So,
and it kind of helps of some of the
other things we do because this is also
just a source of tasks that have um like
reasonable continuous action spaces. So,
we'll be able to test our stability of
training with continuous way better.
That's been like a question that a few
different people have had.
But yeah, we'll see how this goes.
Oh, I did mess one thing up here,
though. Good thing I caught this.
Welcome back, Finn.
That was rock climbing. Climb some
rocks.
Oh yeah,
hang on. We can chat about some hardware
stuff in a second. Use the restroom.
They climb rocks. I don't climb any
rocks
here. I'll be right back.
the um
right
let's do that. So this is the only cool
thing I can do.
All
right.
see how our experiment should go.
We've got a few meta runs here.
They're doing
some basic stuff it looks like.
And then
These will take longer to really do
anything.
I don't know. Maybe I should have it be
optimizing return or something instead
cuz it's smoother.
We'll have to see. It usually takes me a
little bit to just like make sure I have
everything set up nicely for a new end
when things are very different.
The 510
I can chat about some of the hardware
stuff for a bit if you want guys.
Going to have to do that eventually.
Oh, look at this.
Cool.
I can hop in the Discord if y'all want.
We kind of just need to figure out what
drones we're going to like get and and
fly.
Looks cool. Follows the principles of
puffer li.
Oh, this poor guy tried to like roll his
own puffer limb.
Yeah, that'll be a little difficult.
Oh, whoops. I meant to join the voice.
Hello. Hello.
How's it going? Hello.
Hey, I figure we should like try to find
a drone that looks like it wouldable to
try to fly.
Yeah,
we can uh think about making our own
drones,
but we should probably see if we can
actually get it to run on existing one
first, you know? Yeah, that' probably be
easier. Now, the problem is I have no
idea what we should get like at all.
Uh we we were looking at the one that
the like the Swiss guys used in in their
paper. It was just like some offtheshelf
what is it? racing parts. Um, it was I
put it in general a couple of days ago.
Let me find it. Uh, also got asteroids.
Cool.
Uh, JS1. I think that's just like the
motors, but um,
it
the I don't imagine the frame will make
too much different as long as it's not
really heavy.
Say race frame. Does it say frame like
not the drone? I
uh I think usually for like these
competition ones, you you buy all of
like the motors and the the blades and
the actual body and camera and stuff
separately and stick them all together.
Huh.
Okay. Yeah, we can totally get something
like this
where
products.
I'm confused though like where you get
the other stuff from.
Yeah, I I couldn't really find
too much else to be honest either. There
was a couple of a couple of ones you
could buy pre-built. Uh, let me see if I
can find it. Uh, be better if get
something. Yeah, I mean these are all
like reasonly 500 or whatever.
The air 65 is another one that I've
seen. Air65 drone.
Yeah,
I can get big deal. Yeah. And then
there's there's also the the to be able
to run RL stuff on it, right?
Uh yeah, that's kind of an important
thing to check.
It it has there was some like
specification for the like flight
controller, I think. Let me let me see
if
racing propulsion system brushless
quadcopter.
Okay.
Says frame.
Oh, does it does it not come with all of
it?
It says buy this bundle and save. But
I'm confused because it says quadcopter
which would imply a full thing and then
they bundle is it like extra mode like I
don't understand
the the page I'm on it sounds like it's
just the whole thing. I'll I'll link it
in general.
Oh, do I have a miked super loud linky
is going red?
No, it's you far quieter than than
other.
Try that.
Yeah, that's fine. Um,
it's tiny. 70 g.
What? Yeah, that's there's there's the
S75 as well, which is the same but um
just bigger. If what seven g
um
I think I think we worked out the the
like diameter of the rotors were like 2
in or something like that on these. How
is it only 17 g? Imagine the radius of
the the whole thing. No, it's not that
big, I don't think, because the the the
bigger ones were were 5 in.
And if if that's diameter uh radius,
it's flipping massive. Yeah. I think the
good thing about this one is it it seems
kind of indestructible. Yeah, that's
nice cuz we're going to definitely crash
him a whole bunch. Yeah. Yeah. There was
some guy on Reddit who said he's like
full speeded it into like brick walls
many times and it's kind of Yeah, that's
a good thing to start.
Yeah,
auto stabilization turned off
just trying to figure out if the flight
controller is good. This has camera
built in, but like how just RC or can
you API it or download the CLI and
firmware? Oh, what's this? There's there
was Beta Flight firmware which looks
pretty comprehensive, but also the
documentation's a bit all over the
place. I couldn't really just find a
straight answer anywhere.
Best micro
air 65.
I'm concerned like it's going to be like
you literally can't run any custom code
on it, right?
I'm not sure. That's
what I'm trying to figure out at the
minute
cuz it's like an RC.
I don't know how to hack a controller
like
Yeah, we don't either. Well, that's we
we kind of tried to do that last time to
see if we could get data any faster, but
didn't you need to get You need to be
able to directly control the uh like the
motor speed, don't you?
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
How did they do it in uh they did what
was it called? The FP.
Did they have to like super hack this
thing?
Maybe I'll have a I'll have a look in
the paper in case they say what um
flight control they use because that
might be useful.
So each in the in the Swiss paper each
each of their drones is 870 gram.
Um it's
so literally like
uh like several hundred times heavier.
Yeah. Yeah.
They used the the Chameleon 6inch
mainframe
um
Veloc 2306 motors and an Nvidia Jetson
accompanied by a connect tech quazar
carrier board which is
a six core CPU and has 256 CUDA cores.
Um, so it it sounds like they're doing
the actual compute, not on the drone.
Yeah.
Um, trying to figure out what
could do with the DJI, but uh, not
longer term, I would assume. I don't
even know if you can buy those in the
US. Maybe you can. If like I'm seeing
them on Amazon. Maybe it was a proposed
buy.
Yeah.
Um Yeah. They they say on on board the
drone they've just got a standard STM 32
microcontroller which is
receiving running that beta flight
software. So it clearly is possible
without doing too much. I want to make
sure we can actually like get code like
to send it freaking control signals
without having to literally hack the
firmware.
Well, this this F65 drone supports this
Beta flight firmware. I'm pretty sure
I've seen that before. Stuff like this
is super delicate looking, right? Like
these likeosed ones. These literally
will just like you're going to break
these in five minutes. Yeah.
We need something that we can control
that is not going to break in 5 minutes.
Yeah.
We're also going to have to try and find
a room which is
big enough to fly a drone in. Can't just
fly it outside.
Yeah, true.
I know you guys are CS majors, but like
there's this thing called the outside.
I know the grass is scary, but like we
just cause a bit of a scene on campus by
like flying drones, but
I'm sure no one will mind.
Well, it's summer now, so in theory, no
one will be around.
Yeah.
Oh, so they literally lift off micro
drones I guess is
they have an app where there's like a
drain drone like a drone flying training
sim I guess.
Mhm.
Put a throttle on
a break.
Learn to solder because Yeah.
I mean, we can send we can be sending
everyone drones, I guess, if actually
want to help. I got to figure out what
we going to actually get. I This looks
really good. I just don't know if we can
actually code anything on it. Well, it
can it can run this Betaflight firmware
and that's what they use in what
Betaflight firmware?
Uh it's this software is just called
Betaflight. Um apparently that's just
like some generic open- source firmware
that you can load onto lots of drones.
Uh and then we can just do the compute
on like a laptop or something and send
it send it to it.
Multirotor flight control. development
API is a list of text files. Oh, no.
Okay. Yeah.
cuz Yeah, we need to be able to set
camera obviously.
Mhm.
This is this was my problem the other
day because it it sounds like it is
possible but I couldn't find anything
specific in the docs which just said
like you can you can send data to the
rotors and control them like
individually
and then it has to run. How do you
actually send signal to it? It like does
the code run through an RC?
I have no idea to be honest.
all this
on your computer.
Plug the controller into the USB. Okay.
So, it'll run code and it'll use the to
actually send the signal. That sounds
reasonable,
right? And voters. Oh,
so there's a tab.
Okay, I want
commands.
Okay. So, there are commands,
right? Okay.
Like send it via serial through Python,
then you can that up. Okay.
Seems reasonable.
order a couple of these. I guess I order
a couple of these to start and uh
Well, maybe maybe start with one just to
check we can get it working, but I was
thinking should I send you guys one and
send myself one?
Okay. Yeah, sure. Yeah,
sounds good. I mean, these right these
Can you pump
eggs?
Not actually.
It's a bit of a bummer that these days
you can't be sure that the stuff you're
buying off Amazon is actually real. It's
just makes it irritating. Yeah. Yeah. I
mean, if you see it's from the
actual main, they have a page. Beta FP
has a page. Mhm.
So, it's the
Yeah, it's funny. So, there's Beta FPV.
Okay. And then the second option is from
a company called CUI PWj.
Right.
That was legit.
Can you guys take care if I just send
you this
Can you Does that look legit?
Yeah. Hopefully. Where am I looking? I
DM'd you a link. All right. I DM'd Finn
a link. Um I DM
This looks like
it says though this this item cannot be
shipped to the United Kingdom which is
really Yeah. Yeah. I'll check on
amazon.co.uk and sec.
Why can't that's okay?
You guys have uh no drone. You have like
no fun regulations or something.
I don't think so. As long as you don't
fly them at airports, it's fine. Yeah. I
mean, we have that as well. It's called
the don't be a dumbass law. Yeah, fairly
reasonable law. But yeah. Oh, they are
tiny. They are literally like they're
they fit on your phone. like the like
the physical drone fits on your phone.
Okay. It's like a two or three inch wide
drone. Yeah.
Yeah. It looks like on on Amazon.co.uk,
it's all just like buying the parts
separately. There's no
there's no full drones on there.
Air65
racing.
I've been
How do we get you this?
Can you check on their site if I order
it direct from them? If I can send that
to you.
Mhm.
This thing will run for two to three
minutes until you have to swap
batteries. Oh, that's funny.
Two to three minutes. What? Okay. I did
17 grams. They don't have any room for
batteries. That's true. How many
batteries do you get in the I don't
know.
That might be worth if anything having
two batteries so you can charge one
whilst Oh, yeah. They give you a You can
buy a five pack of them. Oh, okay. And
they're rechargeable, I assume.
Let's see.
I would assume so. Oh, I would hope so.
Uh,
polymer batteries. Rechargeable
batteries. Yes. Okay, that's good. I
don't know if they come with a charger
of any type. Oh, wait. No, they look
like they are literally USBC.
Oh, okay. I can't tell from the end of
them if that's a a connector cord or a
USBC.
So, it says BT BT 2.0 connector,
right?
Oh, but they you can buy a station
where you can put a bunch of batteries
for charging. So, they've kind of
thought of this. Basically, it's like
there's like a six station of them. So,
basically, it only runs for a couple of
minutes or whatever, but you just keep
swapping new batteries and like you just
cycle them and you just, you know, it's
I guess it's it's probably a pain that
you have to keep swapping them, but not
that much of a pain. Yeah, we've been
through all this before.
I've just sent you a a S65 from like a
UK distributor if it's cheaper. If
anything, I think. Cool.
But then and then can I send you
accessories? I guess. Do they have the
accessories on here that you need?
Yeah, there there is like a battery
section on the website. So I assume so.
Yeah, we do like
racing style.
Dock
and to basket. Guess you have baskets.
Okay.
Parts. Yeah.
Old school.
Brushless motors.
Batteries.
This thing.
I think this is the right thing.
Yeah. Double check.
I send you the right thing. You don't
have the drone or the battery. Uh, it's
on my screen. This battery here.
And there's this amazing video of this
guy chomping it.
Uh, 1s. That sounds familiar. Let me
431s.
Okay, so that's batteries.
And then
it says on the the beta FPV website. Uh
yeah, it's it's one 1s 260 milliamp hour
batteries.
That's what we need, I guess. So 1s
there all these different batteries.
Yeah. So, there's
Yeah, I assume if it's if it's the same
like current
milliamp V2s,
but I don't know if they're heavier.
Uh, the ones for this drone are
um
this look like the ones from
7.11 g each.
Wait,
this the one you're looking at?
Uh,
hold on. Let's wait for the stream
delay.
tattoo 1 SVL.
Um, the ones that they advertise for
this drone are called the Lava 1 S's,
but it doesn't look like they're on this
website.
Okay.
So, I have these and then
Oh, wait. Hold. They they do they do
sell 300 milliamp versions as well, so
that should be fine. 2 1s are 300
milliamp.
Yeah, that should be fine then. As long
as it's the same connector. I That's
what I'm asking. You can double check. I
think BTO looks familiar, but I don't
know. And then, will you DM me the link
to the the page so I don't have to wait
for the uh the delay? Thank you.
Okay.
Then is that all you need or you need a
controller as well? The thing doesn't
come with a controller, right?
Um, no. But are we are we just going to
try and do it through? Well, but you
can't there needs to be the You can't
send it a signal with a computer. It's
not It's like an RC thing, isn't it? Oh,
right. Okay.
Yeah, I suppose. So then if it doesn't
come with one. Yeah. Well, I don't
um
should you
wrench
product information
motor
says air brushless flight controller
but I don't know if it what it comes
The flight controller is just like the
the onboard circuit board. I don't think
that's like a receiver or anything.
Oh, I see the lava 1s.
Okay. So, like
there apparently it's very very
difficult to buy these things. Well,
like manually,
right? Okay. I mean, I think technically
if you just like limit the motor speed
like 20% or something, it can't be that
hard.
Is it a transmitter or receiver? What is
this thing called that we need? If you
scroll down on the theco.uk website to
the bottom, there's like a recommended
parts section.
Related products.
It's a bit above that. just above like
the image of the box.
The box.
Oh, same stale products.
They have more fan blades for when you
break them.
This loose where is this thing? This is
just a chip.
Need B2
2.0.
Are these good? I have uh what's this?
Hatsu 1S. 2.0.
I'm not sure.
Okay, these are good. But then how what
controller do I get for this? Apparently
Wooden knows about drones or antic
flight controllers.
I can't even tell if if you get the
flight controller with it. I assume so.
But then it's a chip. This is a
controller and it's a chip.
Yeah.
Watch this afternoon the video about the
Air65.
All right. What What do we buy to
control this thing that like it's got to
also be plugged? You also have to be
able to plug it into your laptop or
whatever to run a
run API on it. Something that we can
that
Um,
they go up to seven in I guess large.
And these are completely unshielded,
which is funny as hell.
Break them.
Radio transmitters.
Ah, okay. That's what we're
So, what what do
need like a basic controller that plugs
in laptop? Yes. Yeah.
I don't know how we'd know what to buy.
Uh, so I assume the the flight
controller on the drone has a radio
receiver built into it. I would hope so.
Yeah,
I will check that as well.
Um,
Sure.
This is random info.
It does have a a receiver built into it.
So that's that's one thing sorted at
least.
requires a compatible radio transmitter,
right? And F if you want to have PE
flying. Oh my gosh, I that is so
sickening. Wait, so they do goggles?
You're just like standing in one place
and you just immediately throw up.
Great. Yeah, I was thinking that when I
was watching the the video. Like how how
do these people You just get used to it.
But it's like being on a ship. It's
freaking horrible until you do. If you
if you've done like VR stuff, it's like
horribly sickening.
Yeah.
Really cool, but like horribly
sickening.
Yeah.
Well, most of the opportunities I've had
to try VR, they've they've told me I've
had to take my glasses off to try it and
then I just can't see anyway. So Oh,
yeah. They're supposed to fit. It's It's
very cool. It's one of those things
where I actually people go like, "Oh,
yeah. Haha, VR, what a fad." But like,
no, it's I think it is actually really
awesome and legit tech. It's just like
the form factor has to shrink a ton
uh before people do. Like, it's got to
fit into glasses
and it just doesn't.
I tried that um
Apple Vision Pro in the shop a couple of
months ago when it came out just to see
what it was like. And they did actually
have like some machine in the shop where
they could scan your prescription
glasses and they'd find some like lens
insert to put in it which was pretty
cool.
But they are like ridiculously
expensive. kind of stupid. Oh yeah.
I mean, I finally after just like not
wanting to get contacts for the longest
time, I just got contacts. I still have
glasses, but I have uh I just wear these
a bunch of the time. It took me forever
figure out how to actually get them in
my eyes. Was horrible. Yeah, ultimately
worth it.
I I don't think I could do contacts to
be honest.
Like honestly, it literally it took me
three hours to get them in my eyes that
I was because I just I hate that. Like
but like you kind of just do it and
eventually it's like literally a
10-second thing now. Yeah.
A pain in the ass for the first couple
weeks. Yeah.
But yeah,
the other thing that nobody told me is
it's it's incredibly cognitively.
Like I felt like mentally completely
exhausted for the first couple weeks cuz
like your brain has to adjust to the new
signal, as weird as that is. Yeah. Yeah.
Anyway, what what which one of these is
this? I can't freaking tell.
Um,
I I'm not sure what you're looking at
again because of the stream delay. I'm
looking at the radio transmitters and
I'm trying to figure out which one.
I'll have a look on the website. Is
there none that look like they obviously
like attaching to a computer?
I don't know.
There's also on under the RC kit tab,
there's also transmission control
antennas.
I'm not sure what they're for.
I don't know either.
Air65's flight controller does not
natively support in flight API access.
Use the transmitter as a bridge
software to map transmitter inputs to
API command.
drone kit or map link
autonomous flight.
Okay.
They compatible.
This seems not active. 10year-old
project,
right?
This is actually active at least
as a Python. Uh,
okay. Okay, let's see in Python.
Mhm.
reference in highly optimized for
flash Interesting.
The drum we had last time was just like
uh Bluetooth. But what did you use for
that?
Um I mean we can do that as well. I
thought you said it was like really
crappy and couldn't like control well.
Yeah, but I think that was more the
um like the drone the drone's hardware
rather than a limitation of Bluetooth.
Yeah, but I know how good the range
would be. Yeah. I I can't just send you
the same drone though because like uh if
the like we want something that we'll
actually be able to control Well, right.
Yeah. Yeah. We definitely don't want the
same one. Would not be good. Yeah. So, I
mean, if you guys can help figure out I
got to go for dinner in a minute, but if
you guys can help figure out what it is
that we actually should get, I'll just
send you some drones.
Okay, cool. We'll do I'll have a look.
I'm I'm still not really sure what the
missing Yeah. part is. I this map
control looks maybe okay. This like I'd
have to look more into it. The other
one's completely inactive. The like
drone whatever thing is. Um I don't know
Betaflight if that lets you just like
you have to be able to read stuff from
their cameras. You just basically have
to be able to get data and send data,
right? And like you have to do it
without having to go through some
horrendous horrendous mess thing. If it
already has Python binds, you know, way
better. Um yeah, I see we actually have
a fair few folks on YouTube. So, let me
just very quickly what we're doing here
is um the guys I'm on a call with here
wrote this awesome drone sim show you.
It's on the website actually. It's on
puffer.ai. You can just watch it. They
have this awesome little drone sim and
this is being controlled with
reinforcement learning live in your
browser. It's very lightweight. Uh, so
we're trying to figure out if we can
throw this on a real drone. And uh, I
certainly don't know anything about how
to do that, but we're trying to figure
it out. So, if you're interested in all
this stuff and uh, I mean, these guys
literally just started like hacking on
some stuff and like submitted this drone
m to uh, Puffer and like have just been
working on it since. So, if you want to
get involved with all this stuff,
puffer.ai. And we have all sorts of
reinforcement learning projects here.
Also, start a GitHub. Helps us out a
lot. It's great.
All right. Um, cool. So,
yeah, if you guys can figure out like
what drone we should actually get. We
just we need something where be able to
plug it into a laptop. Ideally, it's
compatible out of the box with it's like
known compatible with one of these
libraries and doesn't have to be like
hacked on because like as soon as you
start messing with it, you have to like
deal with all the weight balancing and
stuff which is fine. But like in my
head, if we could just like get
something that will work to like use
initially, get it to like fly around and
kind of do some stuff and then we can
maybe think about custom hardware after
that after we have like something that
runs. I don't think it'll be crazy
difficult to get something that runs
because
basically what my thinking is is that
we're just gonna like take this drone
and like make the sim be able to apply
like small random forces at every step
for instance it's domain randomized and
then uh and then when we actually go to
fly it in the real world it'll just be
robust and we'll probably have to like
match the dimensions and maybe even
randomize the dimens dimensions a little
bit during training, right? But then it
seems to me at least like compared to
something in robotics, this should be
pretty easy to sim to reel,
right? Hopefully. Yeah, that would be
great. We might need to simulate drag is
the thing this thing because the uh the
drone's really lightweight. If it's
really lightweight, drag is going to be
quite substantial.
We we do have a like our current sim at
the minute just has like a mass
variable. So, we can just change that
and it should be fine. Yeah, I think
it's just simple linear drag. We might
have to fiddle with that. Yeah, I mean
it's going to just be like a little
matter of testing some stuff, but I I
think the cool thing with puffer is we
can just randomize everything and then
we basically have it so it can control
all like the space of all possible
drones. I think that's a way harder
problem than you think. We will find
out, Yanick. I have no idea. I'm
actually I'm way more concerned about
like getting this thing correctly,
receiving commands at the right rate and
all of that than I am about matching the
physics. Like I know how this stuff
works. And yes, it's a pain for stuff
like uh like arms and stuff like
humanoid arms and hands and things, but
a lot of that is just not being able to
do the physics with contact sim
correctly and stuff or like t like
tactile s like tactile differences,
whereas this is just like it's a rigid
body in the air. That's it.
Yeah.
So cool.
Yeah. And I'll have to show you guys how
to do all the domain randomization
stuff. Um, it's not that difficult
though. That's not that difficult.
Cool.
Basically just like adding a bunch of
like config pars to your sim and then
randomly setting them every reset.
Yeah, we doesn't sound too bad. It's not
bad for this. It's not too bad. Uh the
vision if we have to I don't think we
have to randomize anything for vision
because that's just going to be like a
like a fixed point detector for this
ring thing to start with. Yeah. Um and
then after that even it's just probably
going to be like not end to end. It'll
probably just be like some segmented
thing and not running. One thing that
was a bit um interesting with with the
the the Swiss one is their their RL
model can only do that like one
racetrack. It's not generalizable to
anything else at all. Yeah. So, we will
absolutely be able to have something
generalizable. In fact, I think it will
be easier for us to get something
generalizable than it will be to have it
do one racetrack. Yeah. Their their
training is literally just getting
fastest times on that single. Yeah.
Which is kind of crazy, which it's kind
of it's going to be pretty cool. Like I
think even just that if we think about
it, if we just do the thing that can
just do whatever track and just like
immediately be superhuman, that's kind
of already pretty nutty, right? Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. I think we can definitely
even Yeah, that would be dope. I like
even without going to custom hardware if
we can just do that initially that would
already I mean I would think able to
that into something uh uh something with
us partnered with I don't even know if
it would be government or third party.
We'll see. But yeah,
well, we've got access to like a a
hardware kind of lab here as well that
we can use with lots of like 3D printers
and CNC machines and stuff we can use if
that's fun. Okay. I actually don't even
have that stuff. Like I have uh I can
solder stuff about it. I don't know if
can I just go back to Stanford or MIT
and be like, "Hey middle, can I like use
your machines that I totally am
qualified to use?
All right, I'm gonna go for dinner. Um,
thanks guys. Yeah, just let me know on
this and I'll just
like let me know what what you think we
I should get and where to buy it and if
it's like if we if I end up getting you
like a couple hundred dollar drone that
doesn't actually work. It's not that big
of a deal. Just like try to see if we at
least think it'll probably work, but
don't worry about it. If not, okay. All
right. I'm not sure we'll be back on VC
tonight because it's getting pretty
late. But if I find any links, so I'll
DM them to you. Uh I'm not either. I'm
exhausted from all the release work last
week and I've been working more
reasonable hours this week. Yeah, that's
very fair. I'll I'll come back on PC
then tomorrow when we've figured it out.
Yep. All right. Thanks. Yeah.
And uh thank you to folks who tuned into
the stream. We will be back tomorrow. I
stream pretty much all day pretty much
every day minus when I have meetings
that cut up the stream and stuff like
that. But uh yeah, all this
reinforcement learning research
development wide variety of different
application areas we're spinning up on
this or algorithms research all these
game m
browser. Yeah, all open source. It's all
right here. So swing by if you're
interested with that. Thanks folks.